# djion.github.io
##What is this?
This is a repo for a web based single player yahtzee! game. Contains all assets and related things in order to run the game on a website. 
##Repo Organization
- Unit Testing 
Contains all of the files related to unit testing the scoring functions
- Assests 
Contains all of the assets for the webpage, dice photo, ect.
- css
Contains everything related to CSS for the webpage
- node_modules
Contains dependancies for JSDocs and node.js
- out
Contains output for JSDocs, including the autodoc of our javascript files
- PDFS/VIDEOS
Contains all the pdfs we have needed to turn in throughout the semester along with the video demo of the project
- All other files
The main directory contains all the major files that make the game work, including javascripts

##How to build, where to find docs
- Our documentation is generated by JSDocs. Their website can be found here : http://usejsdoc.org/
- In order to build the documents you need to have JSDocs and Node.js set up either globally or in the working directory (which this one does)
- Then run ./node_modules/.bin/jsdoc
- The output is in the form of an html file in the directory named out
- Our docs can be found there by running index.html in the out directory

##How to build/run/test
- Our code is javascript and html, building and running is as simple as launching the index.html and testing new code with your web browser of choice. 
- Could also use node.js
- Our unit tests are written in Python and can be found in the "UnitTesting" directory within our repository. To run the tests just type "python scoring_test.py" in the terminal and the results will be printed out.
- We only wrote tests for our scoring code because all the other code displays something in a browser so errors are very easily noticeable without specific unit tests.

## CI System?
- We did not use a continuous integration system.
